ARCUEID README -- Important introductory notes.
Copyright (C) 2009,2010,2011 Rafael R. Sevilla
See the end for copying conditions.

This is Arcueid, an implementation of Paul Graham's Arc dialect of
Lisp in C.

The main core library, libarcueid, is licensed under the GNU Lesser
General public license.  The main REPL interpreter, arcueid is
licensed under the GPL.

See the file arcueid.org in the main directory of the distribution for
current functionality status.  It's an Emacs org-mode file (just plain
text), not a URL! Note: The URL arcueid.org is as of this writing a
fan site for the anime/visual novel Tsukihime: Lunar Legend (真月譚月
姫), which should explain where the name 'Arcueid' comes from. :)

If you are building this from a source tarball, the usual ./configure;
make; make install combo should work, but you will get an Arcueid REPL
executable without Readline support if the readline development
headers are not installed, and you may have to add --disable-bignum if
you do not have the GMP development headers (but this is not
recommended: Arcueid has not been very well tested without GMP).  Add
--enable-unit-tests to enable unit tests (requires GNU Check), and add
--enable-tracing to build with the bytecode tracer (this causes a
performance hit so it is not enabled by default).

If you are trying to build this by cloning the Git repository
(git://github.com/dido/arcueid.git), you need the following
prerequisites installed:

- The autotools: autoconf, automake, and libtool.
- GNU MP and any development headers (libgmp and libgmp-dev on
  Ubuntu/Debian)
- GNU Check (http://check.sourceforge.net, available under the package
  name 'check' on Ubuntu)
- GNU Readline and any development headers (libreadline-dev)
- pkg-config (http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/pkg-config,
  pkg-config on Ubuntu/Debian)

Once all these prerequisites are installed run autoreconf -i in the
main directory.  This should generate a configure script and
Makefile.in's, and from there it should be possible to do ./configure
; make ; make install.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.
